Documentation Standard Updates (#140)
fivetran/dbt_quickbooks: README.md

        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Fivetran_Quickstart_Compatible%3F-yes-green.svg" /></a>
</p>

# QuickBooks dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/))

## Table of Contents

> - [ What does this dbt package do?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#-what-does-this-dbt-package-do)
> - [ How do I use the dbt package?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks_source/#-how-do-i-use-the-dbt-package)

Author: ```suggestion
- [What does this dbt package do?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#-what-does-this-dbt-package-do)
- [How do I use the dbt package?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks_source/#-how-do-i-use-the-dbt-package)
```

    - [Required steps](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#step-1-prerequisites)
    - [Additional options](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#optional-step-5-additional-configurations)

> - [ Does this package have dependencies?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#-does-this-package-have-dependencies)
> - [ How is this package maintained and can I contribute?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#-how-is-this-package-maintained-and-can-i-contribute)

Author: ```suggestion
  - [ Does this package have dependencies?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#-does-this-package-have-dependencies)
  - [ How is this package maintained and can I contribute?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#-how-is-this-package-maintained-and-can-i-contribute)
```

- [Package Maintenance](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#package-maintenance)
- [Contributions](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#contributions)

> - [ Are there any resources available?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#-are-there-any-resources-available)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Are there any resources available?](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/#-are-there-any-resources-available)
```

## What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage QuickBooks data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/quickbooks) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/quickbooks#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [QuickBooks source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks_source).

- Enables users with insights into their QuickBooks data that can be used for financial statement reporting and deeper analysis. The package achieves this by:

> - Creating a comprehensive general ledger that can be used to create financial statements with additional flexibility.
> - Providing historical general ledger month beginning balances, ending balances, and net change for each account.
> - Enhancing Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivables data by providing past and present aging of bills and invoices.
> - Pairing all expense and sales transactions in one table with accompanying data to provide enhanced analysis.
> - Producing end financial statement models like balance sheet, profit and loss, and cash flow for optimized financial reporting.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Creating a comprehensive general ledger that can be used to create financial statements with additional flexibility.
  - Providing historical general ledger month beginning balances, ending balances, and net change for each account.
  - Enhancing Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivables data by providing past and present aging of bills and invoices.
  - Pairing all expense and sales transactions in one table with accompanying data to provide enhanced analysis.
  - Producing end financial statement models like balance sheet, profit and loss, and cash flow for optimized financial reporting.
```

- Generates a comprehensive data dictionary of your source and modeled QuickBooks data through the [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/).

<!--section="quickbooks_transformation_model"-->

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default. A dependency on the source package is declared in this package's `packages.yml` file, so it will automatically download when you run `dbt deps`. The primary outputs of this package are described below. Intermediate models are used to create these output models.

Author: ```suggestion
The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default. The primary outputs of this package are described below. Intermediate tables are used to create these output models.
```

> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).
> 
> | **Model**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |

Author: ```suggestion
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).

| **Table**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                |
```
